docs: add FAQ with how to share links for playtesting (#192)
rune/rune: docs/docs/publishing/simulating-multiplayer.md

Author: Note that old link to `testing-locally.md` will not work, i.e. AFAIK there is no automatic redirection on GitHub pages.

## Run on Your Phone

You can also test your game on your phone. Just connect to the URL provided by your development tool and you'll see a development UI for testing the multiplayer experience. You can also test how your game works on a phone by using Chrome Developer Tools.

> ## FAQ

Reviewer: The FAQ question is separate, see the `faq.md` file :)

Reviewer: I.e. we should add it both in this section and in the FAQ.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/rune/rune-games-sdk/pull/192/commits/e8e5b28c7b3ddd56c230b463216d2a2e0ee76153

> ## FAQ
> 
> ### How to share links for playtesting?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sharing Playtesting Links
```

> In case you want other devs to help you playtest your game, [publish your game](publishing-your-game.md) to get the playtest link that you can share with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want other devs to help you playtest your game, you can [upload your game](publishing-your-game.md) to get a playtest link that you can share with them. This link will work even before the game has been reviewed.
```
